Oxford study courses specializes in the
International Baccalaureate diploma
program we have been supporting students
in the IB since 1990 we run high quality
summer schools and revision courses for
students at the three stages of their
diploma pre in preparation made halfway
through and revision the courses are
held in prestigious academic locations
around the world in Oxford and Cambridge
universities in the UK Harvard and MIT
in Boston and UBC in Vancouver all our
courses are taught by highly experienced
IB teachers who are experts in their
subject in the IB and in the skills of
preparation revision and review the pre
IB summer school is either a two or
three week program all designed by our
Ivy experts specifically to give
students the skills they need to prepare
for starting the IB Diploma programme
I'm ginger from an Italian sports
international school so I wanted to be
prepared because IB is really difficult
I have learned a lot also in terms of
study methods and time management and
also content for the courses themselves
I suddenly been helpful
yeah the teachers they were very
understanding and anything that wasn't
clear is now extremely clear to me the
mid Ivy summer courses are for students
who have finished the first year of the
IB Diploma and are about to start their
second year well it came highly
recommended by my teachers and some of
the students in the year above said it
was excellent when they went last year
well I came to Cambridge or due to the
course to improve my grades and also
it's a really cool like college
experience well I heard about OSC from
friends who had come for the pre Ivy and
they said it was incredible to had a
great experience
I met lots of new people I thought it
would really help boost my grade and I
kind of consolidate my understanding of
so the next year it's kind of last
revised and I already got the basics I
think then our C course the one thing
you can do is you're teaching your whole
subject over a very concentrated period
of time I can make connections which in
the normal course of a year maybe would
be six months apart I can do those two
hours apart and the students suddenly
see how the subject fits together much
better
my teacher moderates IV exams which is
extremely helpful because you know
exactly what the examiners are looking
for and how'd it go about your answers
some students just need that top up
before the second year of the IB this is
a valuable breathing space before they
head into their second year students
join OSC from all around the world some
traveling quite a distance and we
understand how important it is for
parents to know their child is well
looked after our team of experienced
teams care for the students in the
course 24 hours a day we make sure the
students feel welcome and at home it's a
growing experience for the student they
they learn so many things besides what
they learn in the class between all of
us there's a lot of experience that's
built up in a lot of different locations
as well people that worked in the Boston
courses to Cambridge courses and here on
the oxford courses as well as new people
so there's a lot of energy and
excitement that's brought from all
perspectives to the team the defining
factor which really sets osc apart is
the personal experience that every
student has our teachers are fantastic
and they feel like part of our OSP
family right through to their exam
success very welcoming everyone is so
friendly here everyone's from different
places everyone seems to have a smile on
their face yeah the atmosphere is really
enjoyable it's a very like you don't get
homesick here yes and I'm one of those
persons but here it's not all about work
students have fun too they get to
explore their summer school city take
part in a wide range of activities
offered by USC sports culture
sightseeing games students also make
lifelong friendships during
with us a really fantastic sight to see
and what makes OSC number one to the
teachers and locations the quality of
care we've grown as the IB has grown
around the world and we have so many
students come to us that we're able to
offer classes for students of different
levels and I think a course like this
will really help to motivate you because
you're around people who also want to
learn who also want to boost their
grades so it's a really motivating
environment OSC offers a complete summer
experience fun holistic education and
unbeatable quality the Emmanuel College
itself is a beautiful place I'm just
getting used to college life feminism I
guess the freedom that comes after high
school is enlightening
you